That we should have heard his screams -- my God, those screams! -- and
yet have been unable to save him! Where is this brute of a hound which
drove him to his death? It may be lurking among these rocks at this
instant. And Stapleton, where is he? He shall answer for this deed.

He shall. I will see to that. Uncle and nephew have been
murdered -- the one frightened to death by the very sight of a beast
which he thought to be supernatural, the other driven to his end in his
wild flight to escape from it. But now we have to prove the connection
between the man and the beast. Save from what we heard, we cannot even
swear to the existence of the latter, since Sir Henry has evidently died
from the fall. But, by heavens, cunning as he is, the fellow shall be in
my power before another day is past!

We stood with bitter hearts on either side of the mangled body,
overwhelmed by this sudden and irrevocable disaster which had brought
all our long and weary labours to so piteous an end. Then, as the moon
rose we climbed to the top of the rocks over which our poor friend had
fallen, and from the summit we gazed out over the shadowy moor, half
silver and half gloom. Far away, miles off, in the direction of Grimpen,
a single steady yellow light was shining. It could only come from the
lonely abode of the Stapletons. With a bitter curse I shook my fist at
it as I gazed.

Why should we not seize him at once?

Our case is not complete. The fellow is wary and cunning to the last
degree. It is not what we know, but what we can prove. If we make one
false move the villain may escape us yet.

What can we do?
