was not in the mood for fresh adventures. He had not seen this lonely
man upon the tor and could not feel the thrill which his strange
presence and his commanding attitude had given to me. A warder, no
doubt, said he. The moor has been thick with them since this fellow
escaped. Well, perhaps his explanation may be the right one, but I
should like to have some further proof of it. To-day we mean to
communicate to the Princetown people where they should look for their
missing man, but it is hard lines that we have not actually had the
triumph of bringing him back as our own prisoner. Such are the
adventures of last night, and you must acknowledge, my dear Holmes, that
I have done you very well in the matter of a report. Much of what I tell
you is no doubt quite irrelevant, but still I feel that it is best that
I should let you have all the facts and leave you to select for yourself
those which will be of most service to you in helping you to your
conclusions. We are certainly making some progress. So far as the
Barrymores go we have found the motive of their actions, and that has
cleared up the situation very much. But the moor with its mysteries and
its strange inhabitants remains as inscrutable as ever. Perhaps in my
next I may be able to throw some light upon this also. Best of all would
it be if you could come down to us. In any case you will hear from me
again in the course of the next few days.
