perceive, upon the right of it. This small clump of buildings here is
the hamlet of Grimpen, where our friend Dr. Mortimer has his
headquarters. Within a radius of five miles there are, as you see, only
a very few scattered dwellings. Here is Lafter Hall, which was mentioned
in the narrative. There is a house indicated here which may be the
residence of the naturalist -- Stapleton, if I remember right, was his
name. Here are two moorland farm-houses, High Tor and Foulmire. Then
fourteen miles away the great convict prison of Princetown. Between and
around these scattered points extends the desolate, lifeless moor. This,
then, is the stage upon which tragedy has been played, and upon which we
may help to play it again.

It must be a wild place.

Yes, the setting is a worthy one. If the devil did desire to have a
hand in the affairs of men \-\- -- 

Then you are yourself inclining to the supernatural explanation.

The devil's agents may be of flesh and blood, may they not? There are
two questions waiting for us at the outset. The one is whether any crime
has been committed at all; the second is, what is the crime and how was
it committed? Of course, if Dr. Mortimer's surmise should be correct,
and we are dealing with forces outside the ordinary laws of Nature,
there is an end of our investigation. But we are bound to exhaust all
other hypotheses before falling back upon this one. I think we'll shut
that window again, if you don't mind. It is a singular thing, but I
find that a concentrated atmosphere helps a concentration of thought. I
have not pushed it to the length of getting into a box to think, but
that is the logical outcome of my convictions. Have you turned the case
over in your mind?
