My friend leaned a little forward and his expression became intent. Our
visitor readjusted his glasses and began: -- 

The recent sudden death of Sir Charles Baskerville, whose name has
been mentioned as the probable Liberal candidate for Mid-Devon at the
next election, has cast a gloom over the county. Though Sir Charles had
resided at Baskerville Hall for a comparatively short period his
amiability of character and extreme generosity had won the affection and
respect of all who had been brought into contact with him. In these days
of nouveaux riches it is refreshing to find a case where the scion of an
old county family which has fallen upon evil days is able to make his
own fortune and to bring it back with him to restore the fallen grandeur
of his line. Sir Charles, as is well known, made large sums of money in
South African speculation. More wise than those who go on until the
wheel turns against them, he realized his gains and returned to England
with them. It is only two years since he took up his residence at
Baskerville Hall, and it is common talk how large were those schemes of
reconstruction and improvement which have been interrupted by his death.
Being himself childless, it was his openly expressed desire that the
whole country-side should, within his own lifetime, profit by his good
fortune, and many will have personal reasons for bewailing his untimely
end. His generous donations to local and county charities have been
frequently chronicled in these columns.

The circumstances connected with the death of Sir Charles cannot be
said to have been entirely cleared up by the inquest, but at least
enough has been done to dispose of those rumours to which local
superstition has given rise. There is no reason whatever to suspect foul
play, or to imagine that death could be from any but natural causes. Sir
Charles was a widower, and a
