wild, profane, and godless man. This, in truth, his neighbours might
have pardoned, seeing that saints have never flourished in those parts,
but there was in him a certain wanton and cruel humour which made his
name a byword through the West. It chanced that this Hugo came to love
(if, indeed, so dark a passion may be known under so bright a name) the
daughter of a yeoman who held lands near the Baskerville estate. But the
young maiden, being discreet and of good repute, would ever avoid him,
for she feared his evil name. So it came to pass that one Michaelmas
this Hugo, with five or six of his idle and wicked companions, stole
down upon the farm and carried off the maiden, her father and brothers
being from home, as he well knew. When they had brought her to the Hall
the maiden was placed in an upper chamber, while Hugo and his friends
sat down to a long carouse, as was their nightly custom. Now, the poor
lass upstairs was like to have her wits turned at the singing and
shouting and terrible oaths which came up to her from below, for they
say that the words used by Hugo Baskerville, when he was in wine, were
such as might blast the man who said them. At last in the stress of her
fear she did that which might have daunted the bravest or most active
man, for by the aid of the growth of ivy which covered (and still
covers) the south wall she came down from under the eaves, and so
homeward across the moor, there being three leagues betwixt the Hall and
her father's farm.

It chanced that some little time later Hugo left his guests to carry
food and drink -- with other worse things, perchance -- to his captive,
and so found the cage empty and the bird escaped. Then, as it would
seem, he became as one that hath a devil, for, rushing down the stairs
into the dining-hall, he sprang upon the great table, flagons and
trenchers flying before him, and he
