families had suffered from some evil influence, and he left us with the
impression that he shared the popular view upon the matter.

On our way back we stayed for lunch at Merripit House, and it was there
that Sir Henry made the acquaintance of Miss Stapleton.

\> From the first moment that he saw her he appeared to be strongly
attracted by her, and I am much mistaken if the feeling was not mutual.
He referred to her again and again on our walk home, and since then
hardly a day has passed that we have not seen something of the brother
and sister. They dine here to-night, and there is some talk of our going
to them next week. One would imagine that such a match would be very
welcome to Stapleton, and yet I have more than once caught a look of the
strongest disapprobation in his face when Sir Henry has been paying some
attention to his sister. He is much attached to her, no doubt, and would
lead a lonely life without her, but it would seem the height of
selfishness if he were to stand in the way of her making so brilliant a
marriage. Yet I am certain that he does not wish their intimacy to ripen
into love, and I have several times observed that he has taken pains to
prevent them from being t√¢te. By the way, your instructions to me never
to allow Sir Henry to go out alone will become very much more onerous if
a love affair were to be added to our other difficulties. My popularity
would soon suffer if I were to carry out your orders to the letter.

The other day -- Thursday, to be more exact -- Dr. Mortimer lunched with
us. He has been excavating a barrow at Long Down, and has got a
prehistoric skull which fills him with great joy. Never was there such a
single-minded enthusiast as he! The
