Sir Henry put his hand upon my shoulder with a pleasant smile.

My dear fellow, said he, Holmes, with all his wisdom, did not
foresee some things which have happened since I have been on the moor.
You understand me? I am sure that you are the last man in the world who
would wish to be a spoil-sport. I must go out alone.

It put me in a most awkward position. I was at a loss what to say or
what to do, and before I had made up my mind he picked up his cane and
was gone.

But when I came to think the matter over my conscience reproached me
bitterly for having on any pretext allowed him to go out of my sight. I
imagined what my feelings would be if I had to return to you and to
confess that some misfortune had occurred through my disregard for your
instructions. I assure you my cheeks flushed at the very thought. It
might not even now be too late to overtake him, so I set off at once in
the direction of Merripit House.

I hurried along the road at the top of my speed without seeing anything
of Sir Henry, until I came to the point where the moor path branches
off. There, fearing that perhaps I had come in the wrong direction after
all, I mounted a hill from which I could command a view -- the same hill
which is cut into the dark quarry. Thence I saw him at once. He was on
the moor path, about a quarter of a mile off, and a lady was by his side
who could only be Miss Stapleton. It was clear that there was already an
understanding between them and that they had met by appointment. They
were walking slowly along in deep conversation, and I saw her making
quick little movements of her hands as if she were very earnest in what
she was saying, while he listened intently, and once or twice shook his
head in
