We may take it, therefore, that the letter was composed by an educated
man who wished to pose as an uneducated one, and his effort to conceal
his own writing suggests that that writing might be known, or come to be
known, by you. Again, you will observe that the words are not gummed on
in an accurate line, but that some are much higher than others.
'Life,' for example is quite out of its proper place. That may point
to carelessness or it may point to agitation and hurry upon the part of
the cutter. On the whole I incline to the latter view, since the matter
was evidently important, and it is unlikely that the composer of such a
letter would be careless. If he were in a hurry it opens up the
interesting question why he should be in a hurry, since any letter
posted up to early morning would reach Sir Henry before he would leave
his hotel. Did the composer fear an interruption -- and from whom?

We are coming now rather into the region of guesswork, said Dr.
Mortimer.

Say, rather, into the region where we balance probabilities and choose
the most likely. It is the scientific use of the imagination, but we
have always some material basis on which to start our speculation. Now,
you would call it a guess, no doubt, but I am almost certain that this
address has been written in a hotel.

How in the world can you say that?

If you examine it carefully you will see that both the pen and the ink
have given the writer trouble. The pen has spluttered twice in a single
word, and has run dry three times in a short address, showing that there
was very little ink in the bottle. Now, a private pen or ink-bottle is
seldom allowed to be in such a state, and the combination of the two
must be quite rare. But you know the hotel ink and the hotel pen, where
it is rare to get
