which overlooked a stone-strewn slope. On its jagged face was
spread-eagled some dark, irregular object. As we ran towards it the
vague outline hardened into a definite shape. It was a prostrate man
face downward upon the ground, the head doubled under him at a horrible
angle, the shoulders rounded and the body hunched together as if in the
act of throwing a somersault. So grotesque was the attitude that I could
not for the instant realize that that moan had been the passing of his
soul. Not a whisper, not a rustle, rose now from the dark figure over
which we stooped. Holmes laid his hand upon him, and held it up again,
with an exclamation of horror. The gleam of the match which he struck
shone upon his clotted fingers and upon the ghastly pool which widened
slowly from the crushed skull of the victim. And it shone upon something
else which turned our hearts sick and faint within us -- the body of Sir
Henry Baskerville!

There was no chance of either of us forgetting that peculiar ruddy tweed
suit -- the very one which he had worn on the first morning that we had
seen him in Baker Street. We caught the one clear glimpse of it, and
then the match flickered and went out, even as the hope had gone out of
our souls. Holmes groaned, and his face glimmered white through the
darkness.

The brute! the brute! I cried with clenched hands. Oh Holmes, I
shall never forgive myself for having left him to his fate.

I am more to blame than you, Watson. In order to have my case well
rounded and complete, I have thrown away the life of my client. It is
the greatest blow which has befallen me in my career. But how could I
know -- how could l know -- that he would risk his life alone upon the
moor in the face of all my warnings?
