excursion could not be kept secret. The probability was, therefore, that
she was telling the truth, or, at least, a part of the truth. I came
away baffled and disheartened. Once again I had reached that dead wall
which seemed to be built across every path by which I tried to get at
the object of my mission. And yet the more I thought of the lady's face
and of her manner the more I felt that something was being held back
from me. Why should she turn so pale? Why should she fight against every
admission until it was forced from her? Why should she have been so
reticent at the time of the tragedy? Surely the explanation of all this
could not be as innocent as she would have me believe. For the moment I
could proceed no farther in that direction, but must turn back to that
other clue which was to be sought for among the stone huts upon the
moor.

And that was a most vague direction. I realized it as I drove back and
noted how hill after hill showed traces of the ancient people.
Barrymore's only indication had been that the stranger lived in one of
these abandoned huts, and many hundreds of them are scattered throughout
the length and breadth of the moor. But I had my own experience for a
guide since it had shown me the man himself standing upon the summit of
the Black Tor. That then should be the centre of my search. From there I
should explore every hut upon the moor until I lighted upon the right
one. If this man were inside it I should find out from his own lips, at
the point of my revolver if necessary, who he was and why he had dogged
us so long. He might slip away from us in the crowd of Regent Street,
but it would puzzle him to do so upon the lonely moor. On the other
hand, if I should find the hut and its tenant should not be within it I
must remain there, however long the vigil, until he returned. Holmes had
