favour of the villagers of Fernworthy and sometimes against them, so
that he is periodically either carried in triumph down the village
street or else burned in effigy, according to his latest exploit. He is
said to have about seven lawsuits upon his hands at present, which will
probably swallow up the remainder of his fortune and so draw his sting
and leave him harmless for the future. Apart from the law he seems a
kindly, good-natured person, and I only mention him because you were
particular that I should send some description of the people who
surround us. He is curiously employed at present, for, being an amateur
astronomer, he has an excellent telescope, with which he lies upon the
roof of his own house and sweeps the moor all day in the hope of
catching a glimpse of the escaped convict. If he would confine his
energies to this all would be well, but there are rumours that he
intends to prosecute Dr. Mortimer for opening a grave without the
consent of the next-of-kin, because he dug up the Neolithic skull in the
barrow on Long Down. He helps to keep our lives from being monotonous
and gives a little comic relief where it is badly needed.

And now, having brought you up to date in the escaped convict, the
Stapletons, Dr. Mortimer, and Frankland, of Lafter Hall, let me end on
that which is most important and tell you more about the Barrymores, and
especially about the surprising development of last night.

First of all about the test telegram, which you sent from London in
order to make sure that Barrymore was really here. I have already
explained that the testimony of the postmaster shows that the test was
worthless and that we have no proof one way or the other. I told Sir
Henry how the matter stood, and he at once, in his downright fashion,
had Barrymore up and asked him
