information which I had supplied and hardly any reference to my mission.
No doubt his blackmailing case is absorbing all his faculties. And yet
this new factor must surely arrest his attention and renew his interest.
I wish that he were here.

OCTOBER 17TH. -- All day to-day the rain poured down, rustling on the ivy
and dripping from the eaves. I thought of the convict out upon the
bleak, cold, shelterless moor. Poor devil! Whatever his crimes, he has
suffered something to atone for them. And then I thought of that other
one -- the face in the cab, the figure against the moon. Was he also out
in that deluged -- the unseen watcher, the man of darkness? In the
evening I put on my waterproof and I walked far upon the sodden moor,
full of dark imaginings, the rain beating upon my face and the wind
whistling about my ears. God help those who wander into the great mire
now, for even the firm uplands are becoming a morass. I found the black
tor upon which I had seen the solitary watcher, and from its craggy
summit I looked out myself across the melancholy downs. Rain squalls
drifted across their russet face, and the heavy, slate-coloured clouds
hung low over the landscape, trailing in gray wreaths down the sides of
the fantastic hills. In the distant hollow on the left, half hidden by
the mist, the two thin towers of Baskerville Hall rose above the trees.
They were the only signs of human life which I could see, save only
those prehistoric huts which lay thickly upon the slopes of the hills.
Nowhere was there any trace of that lonely man whom I had seen on the
same spot two nights before.

As I walked back I was overtaken by Dr. Mortimer driving in his dog-cart
over a rough moorland track which led from the outlying farmhouse of
Foulmire. He has been very attentive to us, and hardly a day has passed
that he has not called at the Hall to see how we were getting on. He
insisted upon my climbing
