enthusiasm and power of attachment. Poor Sir Charles's head was of a
very rare type, half Gaelic, half Ivernian in its characteristics. But
you were very young when you last saw Baskerville Hall, were you not?

I was a boy in my 'teens at the time of my father's death, and had
never seen the Hall, for he lived in a little cottage on the South
Coast. Thence I went straight to a friend in America. I tell you it is
all as new to me as it is to Dr. Watson, and I'm as keen as possible to
see the moor.

Are you? Then your wish is easily granted, for there is your first
sight of the moor, said Dr. Mortimer, pointing out of the carriage
window.

Over the green squares of the fields and the low curve of a wood there
rose in the distance a gray, melancholy hill, with a strange jagged
summit, dim and vague in the distance, like some fantastic landscape in
a dream. Baskerville sat for a long time, his eyes fixed upon it, and I
read upon his eager face how much it meant to him, this first sight of
that strange spot where the men of his blood had held sway so long and
left their mark so deep. There he sat, with his tweed suit and his
American accent, in the corner of a prosaic railway-carriage, and yet as
I looked at his dark and expressive face I felt more than ever how true
a descendant he was of that long line of high-blooded, fiery, and
masterful men. There were pride, valour, and strength in his thick
brows, his sensitive nostrils, and his large hazel eyes. If on that
forbidding moor a difficult and dangerous quest should lie before us,
this was at least a comrade for whom one might venture to take a risk
with the certainty that he would bravely share it.
