Wait here. He must be near his light. Let us see if we can get a
glimpse of him.

The words were hardly out of my mouth when we both saw him. Over the
rocks, in the crevice of which the candle burned, there was thrust out
an evil yellow face, a terrible animal face, all seamed and scored with
vile passions. Foul with mire, with a bristling beard, and hung with
matted hair, it might well have belonged to one of those old savages who
dwelt in the burrows on the hillsides. The light beneath him was
reflected in his small, cunning eyes which peered fiercely to right and
left through the darkness, like a crafty and savage animal who has heard
the steps of the hunters.

Something had evidently aroused his suspicions. It may have been that
Barrymore had some private signal which we had neglected to give, or the
fellow may have had some other reason for thinking that all was not
well, but I could read his fears upon his wicked face. Any instant he
might dash out the light and vanish in the darkness. I sprang forward
therefore, and Sir Henry did the same. At the same moment the convict
screamed out a curse at us and hurled a rock which splintered up against
the boulder which had sheltered us. I caught one glimpse of his short,
squat, strongly- built figure as he sprang to his feet and turned to
run. At the same moment by a lucky chance the moon broke through the
clouds. We rushed over the brow of the hill, and there was our man
running with great speed down the other side, springing over the stones
in his way with the activity of a mountain goat. A lucky long shot of my
revolver might have crippled him, but I had brought it only to defend
myself if attacked, and not to shoot an unarmed man who was running
away.
