wounded feelings. His love for the lady was deep and sincere, and to him
the saddest part of all this black business was that he should have been
deceived by her.

It only remains to indicate the part which she had played throughout.
There can be no doubt that Stapleton exercised an influence over her
which may have been love or may have been fear, or very possibly both,
since they are by no means incompatible emotions. It was, at least,
absolutely effective. At his command she consented to pass as his
sister, though he found the limits of his power over her when he
endeavoured to make her the direct accessory to murder. She was ready to
warn Sir Henry so far as she could without implicating her husband, and
again and again she tried to do so. Stapleton himself seems to have been
capable of jealousy, and when he saw the baronet paying court to the
lady, even though it was part of his own plan, still he could not help
interrupting with a passionate outburst which revealed the fiery soul
which his self-contained manner so cleverly concealed. By encouraging
the intimacy he made it certain that Sir Henry would frequently come to
Merripit House and that he would sooner or later get the opportunity
which he desired. On the day of the crisis, however, his wife turned
suddenly against him. She had learned something of the death of the
convict, and she knew that the hound was being kept in the out-house on
the evening that Sir Henry was coming to dinner. She taxed her husband
with his intended crime, and a furious scene followed, in which he
showed her for the first time that she had a rival in his love. Her
fidelity turned in an instant to bitter hatred and he saw that she would
betray him. He tied her up, therefore, that she might have no chance of
warning Sir Henry, and he hoped, no doubt, that when the whole
country-side put down the baronet's death
