there came a galloping across the moor, and the black mare, dabbled with
white froth, went past with trailing bridle and empty saddle. Then the
revellers rode close together, for a great fear was on them, but they
still followed over the moor, though each, had he been alone, would have
been right glad to have turned his horse's head. Riding slowly in this
fashion they came at last upon the hounds. These, though known for their
valour and their breed, were whimpering in a cluster at the head of a
deep dip or goyal, as we call it, upon the moor, some slinking away and
some, with starting hackles and staring eyes, gazing down the narrow
valley before them.

The company had come to a halt, more sober men, as you may guess, than
when they started. The most of them would by no means advance, but three
of them, the boldest, or it may be the most drunken, rode forward down
the goyal. Now, it opened into a broad space in which stood two of those
great stones, still to be seen there, which were set by certain
forgotten peoples in the days of old. The moon was shining bright upon
the clearing, and there in the centre lay the unhappy maid where she had
fallen, dead of fear and of fatigue. But it was not the sight of her
body, nor yet was it that of the body of Hugo Baskerville lying near
her, which raised the hair upon the heads of these three daredevil
roysterers, but it was that, standing over Hugo, and plucking at his
throat, there stood a foul thing, a great, black beast, shaped like a
hound, yet larger than any hound that ever mortal eye has rested upon.
And even as they looked the thing tore the throat out of Hugo
Baskerville, on which, as it turned its blazing eyes and dripping jaws
upon them, the three shrieked with fear and rode for dear life, still
screaming, across the moor. One, it is said, died that very night of
what he had seen, and the other twain were but broken men for the rest
of their days.
