Baskerville Hall, Oct. 15th.

MY DEAR HOLMES, -- If I was compelled to leave you without much news
during the early days of my mission you must acknowledge that I am
making up for lost time, and that events are now crowding thick and fast
upon us. In my last report I ended upon my top note with Barrymore at
the window, and now I have quite a budget already which will, unless I
am much mistaken, considerably surprise you. Things have taken a turn
which I could not have anticipated. In some ways they have within the
last forty-eight hours become much clearer and in some ways they have
become more complicated. But I will tell you all and you shall judge for
yourself.

Before breakfast on the morning following my adventure I went down the
corridor and examined the room in which Barrymore had been on the night
before. The western window through which he had stared so intently has,
I noticed, one peculiarity above all other windows in the house -- it
commands the nearest outlook on the moor. There is an opening between
two trees which enables one from this point of view to look right down
upon it, while from all the other windows it is only a distant glimpse
which can be obtained. It follows, therefore, that Barrymore, since only
this window would serve the purpose, must have been looking out for
something or somebody upon the moor. The night was very dark, so that I
can hardly imagine how he could have hoped to see anyone. It had struck
me that it was possible that some love intrigue was on foot. That would
have accounted for his stealthy movements and also for the uneasiness of
his wife. The man is a striking-looking fellow, very well equipped to
steal the heart of a country girl, so that this theory seemed to have
something to support it. That opening of the door which I had heard
after I had returned to my room
