will find a few notes upon the matter under the heading B in my indexed
list of cases.

Perhaps you would kindly give me a sketch of the course of events from
memory.

Certainly, though I cannot guarantee that I carry all the facts in my
mind. Intense mental concentration has a curious way of blotting out
what has passed. The barrister who has his case at his fingers' ends,
and is able to argue with an expert upon his own subject finds that a
week or two of the courts will drive it all out of his head once more.
So each of my cases displaces the last, and Mlle. Carere has blurred my
recollection of Baskerville Hall. To-morrow some other little problem
may be submitted to my notice which will in turn dispossess the fair
French lady and the infamous Upwood. So far as the case of the Hound
goes, however, I will give you the course of events as nearly as I can,
and you will suggest anything which I may have forgotten.

My inquiries show beyond all question that the family portrait did not
lie, and that this fellow was indeed a Baskerville. He was a son of that
Rodger Baskerville, the younger brother of Sir Charles, who fled with a
sinister reputation to South America, where he was said to have died
unmarried. He did, as a matter of fact, marry, and had one child, this
fellow, whose real name is the same as his father's. He married Beryl
Garcia, one of the beauties of Costa Rica, and, having purloined a
considerable sum of public money, he changed his name to Vandeleur and
fled to England, where he established a school in the east of Yorkshire.
His reason for attempting this special line of business was that he had
struck up an acquaintance with a consumptive tutor upon the voyage home,
and that he had used this man's ability to make the undertaking a
success. Fraser, the tutor, died
