had been due to some doubts as to his complete sanity, so atrocious was
his conduct. Our wagonette had topped a rise and in front of us rose the
huge expanse of the moor, mottled with gnarled and craggy cairns and
tors. A cold wind swept down from it and set us shivering. Somewhere
there, on that desolate plain, was lurking this fiendish man, hiding in
a burrow like a wild beast, his heart full of malignancy against the
whole race which had cast him out. It needed but this to complete the
grim suggestiveness of the barren waste, the chilling wind, and the
darkling sky. Even Baskerville fell silent and pulled his overcoat more
closely around him.

We had left the fertile country behind and beneath us. We looked back on
it now, the slanting rays of a low sun turning the streams to threads of
gold and glowing on the red earth new turned by the plough and the broad
tangle of the woodlands. The road in front of us grew bleaker and wilder
over huge russet and olive slopes, sprinkled with giant boulders. Now
and then we passed a moorland cottage, walled and roofed with stone,
with no creeper to break its harsh outline. Suddenly we looked down into
a cup-like depression, patched with stunted oaks and firs which had been
twisted and bent by the fury of years of storm. Two high, narrow towers
rose over the trees. The driver pointed with his whip.

Baskerville Hall, said he.

Its master had risen and was staring with flushed cheeks and shining
eyes. A few minutes later we had reached the lodge-gates, a maze of
fantastic tracery in wrought iron, with weather-bitten pillars on either
side, blotched with lichens, and surmounted by the boars' heads of the
Baskervilles. The lodge was a ruin of black granite and bared ribs of
rafters, but facing it
