Stapleton may fall in with such a superstition, and Mortimer also; but
if I have one quality upon earth it is common-sense, and nothing will
persuade me to believe in such a thing. To do so would be to descend to
the level of these poor peasants, who are not content with a mere fiend
dog but must needs describe him with hell-fire shooting from his mouth
and eyes. Holmes would not listen to such fancies, and I am his agent.
But facts are facts, and I have twice heard this crying upon the moor.
Suppose that there were really some huge hound loose upon it; that would
go far to explain everything. But where could such a hound lie
concealed, where did it get its food, where did it come from, how was it
that no one saw it by day? It must be confessed that the natural
explanation offers almost as many difficulties as the other. And always,
apart from the hound, there is the fact of the human agency in London,
the man in the cab, and the letter which warned Sir Henry against the
moor. This at least was real, but it might have been the work of a
protecting friend as easily as of an enemy. Where is that friend or
enemy now? Has he remained in London, or has he followed us down here?
Could he -- could he be the stranger whom I saw upon the tor?

It is true that I have had only the one glance at him, and yet there are
some things to which I am ready to swear. He is no one whom I have seen
down here, and I have now met all the neighbours. The figure was far
taller than that of Stapleton, far thinner than that of Frankland.
Barrymore it might possibly have been, but we had left him behind us,
and I am certain that he could not have followed us. A stranger then is
still dogging us, just as a stranger dogged us in London. We have never
shaken him off. If I could lay my hands upon that man, then at last we
