the Elizabethan knight to the buck of the Regency, stared down upon us
and daunted us by their silent company. We talked little, and I for one
was glad when the meal was over and we were able to retire into the
modern billiard-room and smoke a cigarette.

My word, it isn't a very cheerful place, said Sir Henry. I
suppose one can tone down to it, but I feel a bit out of the picture at
present. I don't wonder that my uncle got a little jumpy if he lived
all alone in such a house as this. However, if it suits you, we will
retire early to-night, and perhaps things may seem more cheerful in the
morning.

I drew aside my curtains before I went to bed and looked out from my
window. It opened upon the grassy space which lay in front of the hall
door. Beyond, two copses of trees moaned and swung in a rising wind. A
half moon broke through the rifts of racing clouds. In its cold light I
saw beyond the trees a broken fringe of rocks, and the long, low curve
of the melancholy moor. I closed the curtain, feeling that my last
impression was in keeping with the rest.

And yet it was not quite the last. I found myself weary and yet wakeful,
tossing restlessly from side to side, seeking for the sleep which would
not come. Far away a chiming clock struck out the quarters of the hours,
but otherwise a deathly silence lay upon the old house. And then
suddenly, in the very dead of the night, there came a sound to my ears,
clear, resonant, and unmistakable. It was the sob of a woman, the
muffled, strangling gasp of one who is torn by an uncontrollable sorrow.
I sat up in bed and listened intently. The noise could not have been far
away and was certainly in the house. For half an hour I waited with
every nerve on the alert, but there came no other
