Yes. On the death of Sir Charles we inquired for this young gentleman
and found that he had been farming in Canada. From the accounts which
have reached us he is an excellent fellow in every way. I speak not as a
medical man but as a trustee and executor of Sir Charles's will.

There is no other claimant, I presume?

None. The only other kinsman whom we have been able to trace was
Rodger Baskerville, the youngest of three brothers of whom poor Sir
Charles was the elder. The second brother, who died young, is the father
of this lad Henry. The third, Rodger, was the black sheep of the family.
He came of the old masterful Baskerville strain, and was the very image,
they tell me, of the family picture of old Hugo. He made England too hot
to hold him, fled to Central America, and died there in 1876 of yellow
fever. Henry is the last of the Baskervilles. In one hour and five
minutes I meet him at Waterloo Station. I have had a wire that he
arrived at Southampton this morning. Now, Mr. Holmes, what would you
advise me to do with him?

Why should he not go to the home of his fathers?

It seems natural, does it not? And yet, consider that every
Baskerville who goes there meets with an evil fate. I feel sure that if
Sir Charles could have spoken with me before his death he would have
warned me against bringing this, the last of the old race, and the heir
to great wealth, to that deadly place. And yet it cannot be denied that
the prosperity of the whole poor, bleak country-side depends upon his
presence. All the good work which has been done by Sir Charles will
crash to the ground if there is no tenant of the Hall. I fear lest I
should be swayed too much by my own obvious interest in the matter,
