I had a school, said Stapleton. It was in the north country. The
work to a man of my temperament was mechanical and uninteresting, but
the privilege of living with youth, of helping to mould those young
minds, and of impressing them with one's own character and ideals, was
very dear to me. However, the fates were against us. A serious epidemic
broke out in the school and three of the boys died. It never recovered
from the blow, and much of my capital was irretrievably swallowed up.
And yet, if it were not for the loss of the charming companionship of
the boys, I could rejoice over my own misfortune, for, with my strong
tastes for botany and zoology, I find an unlimited field of work here,
and my sister is as devoted to Nature as I am. All this, Dr. Watson, has
been brought upon your head by your expression as you surveyed the moor
out of our window.

It certainly did cross my mind that it might be a little dull -- less
for you, perhaps, than for your sister.

No, no, I am never dull, said she, quickly.

We have books, we have our studies, and we have interesting
neighbours. Dr. Mortimer is a most learned man in his own line. Poor Sir
Charles was also an admirable companion. We knew him well, and miss him
more than I can tell. Do you think that I should intrude if I were to
call this afternoon and make the acquaintance of Sir Henry?

I am sure that he would be delighted.

Then perhaps you would mention that I propose to do so. We may in our
humble way do something to make things more easy for him until he
becomes accustomed to his new surroundings. Will you come upstairs, Dr.
Watson, and inspect my collection of
