was for her to arrange to go with me. With that I offered in as many
words to marry her, but before she could answer, down came this brother
of hers, running at us with a face on him like a madman. He was just
white with rage, and those light eyes of his were blazing with fury.
What was I doing with the lady? How dared I offer her attentions which
were distasteful to her? Did I think that because I was a baronet I
could do what I liked? If he had not been her brother I should have
known better how to answer him. As it was I told him that my feelings
towards his sister were such as I was not ashamed of, and that I hoped
that she might honour me by becoming my wife. That seemed to make the
matter no better, so then I lost my temper too, and I answered him
rather more hotly than I should perhaps, considering that she was
standing by. So it ended by his going off with her, as you saw, and here
am I as badly puzzled a man as any in this county. Just tell me what it
all means, Watson, and I'll owe you more than ever I can hope to pay.

I tried one or two explanations, but, indeed, I was completely puzzled
myself. Our friend's title, his fortune, his age, his character, and
his appearance are all in his favour, and I know nothing against him
unless it be this dark fate which runs in his family. That his advances
should be rejected so brusquely without any reference to the lady's own
wishes, and that the lady should accept the situation without protest,
is very amazing. However, our conjectures were set at rest by a visit
from Stapleton himself that very afternoon. He had come to offer
apologies for his rudeness of the morning, and after a long private
interview with Sir Henry in his study, the upshot of their conversation
was that the breach is quite healed, and that we are to dine at Merripit
House next Friday as a sign of it.
