Stapletons came in afterwards, and the good doctor took us all to the
Yew Alley, at Sir Henry's request, to show us exactly how everything
occurred upon that fatal night. It is a long, dismal walk, the Yew
Alley, between two high walls of clipped hedge, with a narrow band of
grass upon either side. At the far end is an old tumble-down
summer-house. Half-way down is the moor-gate, where the old gentleman
left his cigar-ash. It is a white wooden gate with a latch. Beyond it
lies the wide moor. I remembered your theory of the affair and tried to
picture all that had occurred. As the old man stood there he saw
something coming across the moor, something which terrified him so that
he lost his wits, and ran and ran until he died of sheer horror and
exhaustion. There was the long, gloomy tunnel down which he fled. And
from what? A sheep-dog of the moor? Or a spectral hound, black, silent,
and monstrous? Was there a human agency in the matter? Did the pale,
watchful Barrymore know more than he cared to say? It was all dim and
vague, but always there is the dark shadow of crime behind it.

One other neighbour I have met since I wrote last. This is Mr.
Frankland, of Lafter Hall, who lives some four miles to the south of us.
He is an elderly man, red-faced, white-haired, and choleric. His passion
is for the British law, and he has spent a large fortune in litigation.
He fights for the mere pleasure of fighting and is equally ready to take
up either side of a question, so that it is no wonder that he has found
it a costly amusement. Sometimes he will shut up a right of way and defy
the parish to make him open it. At others he will with his own hands
tear down some other man's gate and declare that a path has existed
there from time immemorial, defying the owner to prosecute him for
trespass. He is learned in old manorial and communal rights, and he
applies his knowledge sometimes in
