which was any criminal ever arrested. The last of these, at Folkestone
Court, in May, was remarkable for the cold-blooded pistoling of the
page, who surprised the masked and solitary burglar. I cannot doubt that
Stapleton recruited his waning resources in this fashion, and that for
years he has been a desperate and dangerous man.

We had an example of his readiness of resource that morning when he
got away from us so successfully, and also of his audacity in sending
back my own name to me through the cabman. From that moment he
understood that I had taken over the case in London, and that therefore
there was no chance for him there. He returned to Dartmoor and awaited
the arrival of the baronet.

One moment! said I. You have, no doubt, described the sequence of
events correctly, but there is one point which you have left
unexplained. What became of the hound when its master was in London?

I have given some attention to this matter and it is undoubtedly of
importance. There can be no question that Stapleton had a confidant,
though it is unlikely that he ever placed himself in his power by
sharing all his plans with him. There was an old manservant at Merripit
House, whose name was Anthony. His connection with the Stapletons can be
traced for several years, as far back as the schoolmastering days, so
that he must have been aware that his master and mistress were really
husband and wife. This man has disappeared and has escaped from the
country. It is suggestive that Anthony is not a common name in England,
while Antonio is so in all Spanish or Spanish-American countries. The
man, like Mrs. Stapleton herself, spoke good English, but with a curious
lisping
