man he acquired complete influence over her, and he gave her to
understand that in the event of her obtaining a divorce from her husband
he would marry her. His plans were suddenly brought to a head by his
knowledge that Sir Charles was about to leave the Hall on the advice of
Dr. Mortimer, with whose opinion he himself pretended to coincide. He
must act at once, or his victim might get beyond his power. He therefore
put pressure upon Mrs. Lyons to write this letter, imploring the old man
to give her an interview on the evening before his departure for London.
He then, by a specious argument, prevented her from going, and so had
the chance for which he had waited.

Driving back in the evening from Coombe Tracey he was in time to get
his hound, to treat it with his infernal paint, and to bring the beast
round to the gate at which he had reason to expect that he would find
the old gentleman waiting. The dog, incited by its master, sprang over
the wicket-gate and pursued the unfortunate baronet, who fled screaming
down the Yew Alley. In that gloomy tunnel it must indeed have been a
dreadful sight to see that huge black creature, with its flaming jaws
and blazing eyes, bounding after its victim. He fell dead at the end of
the alley from heart disease and terror. The hound had kept upon the
grassy border while the baronet had run down the path, so that no track
but the man's was visible. On seeing him lying still the creature had
probably approached to sniff at him, but finding him dead had turned
away again. It was then that it left the print which was actually
observed by Dr. Mortimer. The hound was called off and hurried away to
its lair in the Grimpen Mire, and a mystery was left which puzzled the
authorities, alarmed the country-side, and finally brought the case
within the scope of our observation.
