Well, then, supposing that 'C.C.H.' does stand for 'Charing Cross
Hospital,' what further inferences may we draw?

Do none suggest themselves? You know my methods. Apply them!

I can only think of the obvious conclusion that the man has practised
in town before going to the country.

I think that we might venture a little farther than this. Look at it
in this light. On what occasion would it be most probable that such a
presentation would be made? When would his friends unite to give him a
pledge of their good will? Obviously at the moment when Dr. Mortimer
withdrew from the service of the hospital in order to start in practice
for himself. We know there has been a presentation. We believe there has
been a change from a town hospital to a country practice. Is it, then,
stretching our inference too far to say that the presentation was on the
occasion of the change?

It certainly seems probable.

Now, you will observe that he could not have been on the staff of the
hospital, since only a man well-established in a London practice could
hold such a position, and such a one would not drift into the country.
What was he, then? If he was in the hospital and yet not on the staff he
could only have been a house-surgeon or a house-physician -- little more
than a senior student. And he left five years ago -- the date is on the
stick. So your grave, middle-aged family practitioner vanishes into thin
air, my dear Watson, and there emerges a young fellow under thirty,
amiable, unambitious, absent-minded, and the possessor of a favourite
dog, which I should describe roughly as being larger than a terrier and
smaller than a mastiff.
