man who may be said to have been in some ways of an eccentric habit of
mind. In spite of his considerable wealth he was simple in his personal
tastes, and his indoor servants at Baskerville Hall consisted of a
married couple named Barrymore, the husband acting as butler and the
wife as housekeeper. Their evidence, corroborated by that of several
friends, tends to show that Sir Charles's health has for some time been
impaired, and points especially to some affection of the heart,
manifesting itself in changes of colour, breathlessness, and acute
attacks of nervous depression. Dr. James Mortimer, the friend and
medical attendant of the deceased, has given evidence to the same
effect.

The facts of the case are simple. Sir Charles Baskerville was in the
habit every night before going to bed of walking down the famous Yew
Alley of Baskerville Hall. The evidence of the Barrymores shows that
this had been his custom. On the 4th of May Sir Charles had declared his
intention of starting next day for London, and had ordered Barrymore to
prepare his luggage. That night he went out as usual for his nocturnal
walk, in the course of which he was in the habit of smoking a cigar. He
never returned. At twelve o'clock Barrymore, finding the hall door
still open, became alarmed, and, lighting a lantern, went in search of
his master. The day had been wet, and Sir Charles's footmarks were
easily traced down the Alley. Half-way down this walk there is a gate
which leads out on to the moor. There were indications that Sir Charles
had stood for some little time here. He then proceeded down the Alley,
and it was at the far end of it that his body was discovered. One fact
which has not been explained is the statement of Barrymore that his
master's footprints altered their character from the time that he
passed the moor-gate, and that he appeared from thence onward to
