\> From this point onward I will follow the course of events by
transcribing my own letters to Mr. Sherlock Holmes which lie before me
on the table. One page is missing, but otherwise they are exactly as
written and show my feelings and suspicions of the moment more
accurately than my memory, clear as it is upon these tragic events, can
possibly do.

Baskerville Hall, October 13th.

MY DEAR HOLMES, -- My previous letters and telegrams have kept you pretty
well up to date as to all that has occurred in this most God-forsaken
corner of the world. The longer one stays here the more does the spirit
of the moor sink into one's soul, its vastness, and also its grim
charm. When you are once out upon its bosom you have left all traces of
modern England behind you, but on the other hand you are conscious
everywhere of the homes and the work of the prehistoric people. On all
sides of you as you walk are the houses of these forgotten folk, with
their graves and the huge monoliths which are supposed to have marked
their temples. As you look at their gray stone huts against the scarred
hill-sides you leave your own age behind you, and if you were to see a
skin-clad, hairy man crawl out from the low door fitting a flint-tipped
arrow on to the string of his bow, you would feel that his presence
there was more natural than your own. The strange thing is that they
should have lived so thickly on what must always have been most
unfruitful soil. I am no antiquarian, but I could imagine that they were
some unwarlike and harried race who were forced to accept that which
none other would occupy.

All this, however, is foreign to the mission on which you sent me and
will probably be very uninteresting to your severely practical mind. I
can still remember your complete indifference
